and hi again everybody alongside Dave
Campbell and the wonder dog Rex Hudler
I'm Matt vasgersian as we get set to
bring you the call on what should be a
good one here and sooth we turn to you
first
Toronto with no score tough to turn
around there's a swing and oh boy Adam
Dunn has got himself
so it's a solo shot for Adam Dunn number
17 for him on the season as the red
strike first it's one to nothing
well you're going to get burned in this
league if you leave pitches there got
Reds out in front one to nothing comes
on two and one swinging a ground ball
towards the hole
recovering through the app this is all
about instinct here you can see the
first baseman's in opposition so he
knows he's gotta hightail it over to
cover the bag
nice going we'll dig in switch hitter
batting left deep right field
ah
well I'll tell you what this is what you
call a two
guys are practicing hitting off to the
tee this is where they put it boy
that is right in the habit
deep left field
Oh
the jays are out in front two to one at
this point and it comes here in inning
number six that's testament to the way
he's been keeping the ball down well
stand in again is another home run out
of him right here there's a swing and
old boy Adam Dunn has got himself a home
run
Oh shot to right center his second home
run of the game and the Reds have come
back to tie things at two apiece
well one swing of the bat and we're
right back where we started this pitch
just looked like it was hanging out a
string and all of a sudden we've got
ourselves a tie ballgame and we are tied
2-2 except for those two pitches and he
lays off ball four now the potential
go-ahead run is on base here further he
goes in this one the more this is gonna
happen you can see it on the screen he's
up over 90 pitches here so the tanks
running off go-ahead runs in scoring
position here with two down see if they
try and stay out there again he had hard
on the left side
in their base hit
heads up move on a batter there is not a
run scored on the floor he was your shot
to go now is it's a former rule five guy
right-hander Jared Burton gets the call
well you want to talk about getting a
pitch to hit watch where this thing is
boy he just unloaded on that one
the jays are out in front five to two
Matt Stairs head in the air to right
field and deep back is the light
I feel whole number
six-two tuna we hit that ball straight
away
wound up having more behind it than I
imagined
the Jays lead at six to two right but I
think the ants want to get out of here
to hard hit toward Center in their base
hit
and one he set now the pitch there's a
swing and old boy
has got himself a home run
a 2-run homerun for Adam Dunn his third
home run of the ballgame and they cut
the gap here it's now six to four third
time tonight you'll see it this ball is
clobbered again when you start to wonder
why they'd even pitch to him here and a
change on the mound now is the young
right-hander Jeremy Accardo will take
over he got head of birth and he looks
at one that misses and that's an
excellent job of making his man throw a
lot of pitches is another shot he hit it
right one on the corner you can expand
that strike zone right away next time
first
doors inserting discussion to the
all-star
that is safe number 25